Deena Larsen: And we are now.
Deena Larsen: Recording so I we are I have of course screwed up the links and i'm think the easiest thing to do is just.
Deena Larsen: All of the emails are in the.
Deena Larsen: Our background drive which i'm trying to get to I tell you what before we start, we are being recorded can those people who have been the salons tell about their actions and their reactions, whilst I try to get this email, because I cannot do both at the same time yay.
Deena Larsen: Go for it 1000 patients and entertain folks well we try to figure this out i'm so sorry.
Caitlin Fisher: And Actually, I think, before we begin conference admins have a small video that they want to share at the beginning of each.
Deena Larsen: iteration So what do we.
Deena Larsen: share that.
Deena Larsen: And you shared your.
Deena Larsen: Link right.
Hannah Ackermans: The last link that I share, it is the correct wrong with that we're in now.
Deena Larsen: Okay, so i'm going to just for that to everyone.
Deena Larsen: So go ahead.
Deena Larsen: Go ahead.
Caitlin Fisher: men to share the Jingle.
Deena Larsen: Yes, share the jungle.
Deena Larsen: And I don't see your link.
Caitlin Fisher: And I like the Jingle that is purely conceptual.
Deena Larsen: I don't hear the Jingle either.
Caitlin Fisher: Well, why don't we just start just just.
Track Four: Conference Admin: we're having technical difficulties with showing the Jingle right now, but you can just.
Andrew Klobucar: People.
Andrew Klobucar: Can Can someone just hammered or.
Caitlin Fisher: Where we all have it in our heads now.
Caitlin Fisher: there's no point there's nothing better than.
Deena Larsen: filling the blanks face.
Caitlin Fisher: With our own jingles.
Deena Larsen: Hannah can you put the link in the chat please and i'll just copy it over.
Hannah Ackermans: yeah I just did.
Deena Larsen: I do.
Hannah Ackermans: Oh.
Deena Larsen: Please copy it again.
Stephanie Strickland: I see.
Deena Larsen: What are all these technical this is.
Deena Larsen: What happened.
Hannah Ackermans: I also just even.
Deena Larsen: Difficulties yeah.
Jules Chatelain: i've emailed it.
Jules Chatelain: and several of us have emailed it to you.
Deena Larsen: So for all of us have emailed it to us, this is the right.
Jules Chatelain: lingo to you.
Caitlin Fisher: But while we're starting here welcome everybody, and one of the cool things about the second Tuesday, is that we have the same link every time so should you wish to join us, it is same time same place same link.
Deena Larsen: yeah.
Caitlin Fisher: And it's been his brainchild and it's been actually a really wonderful combination of chances of people to share their work that we otherwise wouldn't have a chance to see and also opportunities to write together.
Caitlin Fisher: But I think the most important thing that i'd say is having having been a participant, is that it is incredibly generative and organic and responsive to the needs of the people who show up.
Caitlin Fisher: So it's pretty fluid it's not one thing i've been really, really grateful for it, as for a space to sort of pause and think.
Caitlin Fisher: To to interact with with new work with the with the author present but i've also really enjoyed the opportunity to write and for those.
Caitlin Fisher: Those sessions were and and just thinking about different methods and different ways of constraining creativity and making something happen in a short time so i've been super grateful to dina for for taking leadership on that and.
Caitlin Fisher: Alan look there seems to be a screen ready to share so i'll turn it over to Dana and that's my small testimonial as a participant, and that is very welcoming cool place so.
Deena Larsen: Thank you, yes, then, thank you for the testimonial caitlin and we will have more testimonials at the end, but we are getting started, I do believe we are being recorded.
Deena Larsen: Yes, trek FM admin Okay, so no problem and honestly, most of the salons are recorded we bought we've done, one that has not been so somewhere out there in the ether and caitlin will and the rest of us will share the URLs for the recordings.
Deena Larsen: that'd be great, but here we go um I have a 10 minute.
Deena Larsen: presentation and then I was going to set it open as being open salon for everyone and the topic for today is, of course, how do we continue this and what's been valuable, so the electronic literature second Tuesday salons are the every second Tuesday online at 11am.
Deena Larsen: I guess it would be 11:11am Eastern time it's 9am my mountain time in the US so it's 3pm in the in the UK it's not too terrible.
Deena Larsen: Anyway, we are any and I any difference we were getting together in person at yellow 2019 and we honestly have been thinking about this for a long, long time before that.
Deena Larsen: Finally, we were like yeah we've really got to make this happen, we could do it monthly, it would be a shorter time commitment.
Deena Larsen: We can just open this up, and this is i'm not an academia, but you might get academic credit for what you're doing you know up to you and your university, but it becomes a platform for are works in progress, our ideas, our discussions and the idea was to keep it simple.
Deena Larsen: Everybody signed up to host a month, so I was in charge of like keeping the mailing list and seeing who signs up, and you know, doing the administer via.
Deena Larsen: caitlin and others and your Hannah did a wonderful job we're in charge of like recording and access and.
Deena Larsen: caitlin has done a fantastic job of letting up giving us her university zoom things have worked out, so we had the planning meeting in January of 2020.
Deena Larsen: Oh yeah That was the other thing i've gotten very ill after 2019, and this was like the first time I was out of that so we had our planning meeting, then we have our first real salon.
Deena Larsen: And then came the plague yeah.
Deena Larsen: It does, we were getting started it was like Okay, this is perfect timing, but.
Deena Larsen: Like other earlier plagues we studied tim's company of several of us have said, you know we're so tired of zoom but.
Deena Larsen: This zoom actually energizes us, we will look forward to this it's it's a family reunion it's been wonderful.
Deena Larsen: And I did put the links in the chat if somebody was here and wants to be copied them, but you know how to Rogers did an incredible job of archiving our first salons you should go check this out it's amazing.
Deena Larsen: And Annie, thank you for hosting it so we read works together Carol took us through a section of an untitled poem by the contemporary Russian poet, and we had fun puzzling it out.
Deena Larsen: rehab has they took us through the dictionary of revolution by America happy oh my God that was the first time i'd seen this work, and it is one of my favorites now it is so beautiful you gotta check this one out man that's incredible um.
Deena Larsen: Any ever him well, you took us through of writing rewriting.
Deena Larsen: massively enlightening philosophical discussion, and then we got to write and frame a pad we got to see each other's words and we got to move each other's worth it was like a dance of words it's very fun.
Deena Larsen: I followed this with you know, of course, this is my birthday, so we had a lunch together and showed how you could do excel writing and each column becomes one.
Deena Larsen: node one progression, and so you can have multi vocal discord and this discussion and multi multiple creative writing that was fun.
Deena Larsen: We went hunting for wild electronic literature games and we found quite a few with Lyle and she's got a list we searched the Wikipedia phenomenon and we wrote our own worlds in our own Wikipedia that was fun.
Deena Larsen: bill bly shut off his life's work in we descend Alan sondheim shut off his life's work in second life and elsewhere, those were really fascinating retrospectives and introspective and current subjective, so I guess because they're still being worked on.
Deena Larsen: We cheered the yellows work the repository my God, this is amazing stuff and then we launched books, the digital humanities book we're going to launch another one this fall with that person bomb, we launched the African electronic literature database.
Deena Larsen: And then we brainstorm there's been a lot of discussion is community, as you can tell from the Code of Conduct there's been.
Deena Larsen: Some incidences and some really hard things that this Community has had to deal with, and so we offered up the electronic literature salon as a place to discuss this and we do have a lot of brainstorming.
Deena Larsen: In this link that yellow inclusion that we really need to follow up on, and we can do a lot of great things in this Community, so this salon has also become a launching place for ideas.
Deena Larsen: In May, I was sick, so we didn't do anything i'm sorry about that guys and we knew that this no no ma was this conference yeah because everybody was busy working on this conference, and a lot easier, but we have a full lineup we are set for this entire year.
Deena Larsen: In June we're going to do the playable communications with Lyle.
Deena Larsen: In July, we had so many questions about the yellow repository that we invited Dini, to come back and now we're going to get into the nuts and bolts of how this thing works and that'll be a great time for databases discussions coding that'll be fun.
Deena Larsen: Andrew is going to.
Deena Larsen: Introduce us to reverb which he's talked about in other places um we had this wonderful time and you can see it in the workshops we're going to glam it up with a hair salon and have a lot of fun with that with katie slag.
Deena Larsen: we're going to share stories on a new storytelling platform, but marcia them SIA has shown us we're gonna launch mats books and we're going to do generative text, one on one so join us.
Deena Larsen: If you want originally our idea was it, it was going to be very small, and we, you know, keep it to a people, but what's really happened is it's brown somewhat organically people have signed up people have come and gone so it's kind of this open CAFE.
Deena Larsen: And we've done pretty well with keeping the numbers, to a degree, where we can all talk.
Deena Larsen: So we need volunteers, this is as per usual as for everything with the electronic literature, this is strictly a volunteer Labor of love, because we all love this field for some crazy reason i've never understood okay.
Deena Larsen: Do you guys want to spearhead another salon series this time is really awkward for people in Japan.
Deena Larsen: Elsewhere, maybe we China, maybe we want to spearhead another series that works with their timeframe, do you want to host a month 20 2020 2022 is completely open.
Deena Larsen: Nothing in there sign up now type thing Oh, we need an archivist, we need a place to record these my plates full my spoons are swamped.
Deena Larsen: If somebody could volunteer to record that would be amazing that would help a lot, and with that was going to open it up for participants and everyone.
Deena Larsen: Like caitlyn did a great job of showing us what she thought of it, and it really has been this wonderful space to.
Deena Larsen: Just connect every month it's something that I look forward to I have it on my calendar and I told my boss you touch my second Tuesdays and I leave now I can do that you're all welcome to my Freedom Party tonight, but yes, I threatened.
Deena Larsen: This is sacred time to me.
Deena Larsen: But what did you get out of it, and everyone else, this is our planning session, what do we want to do, how do we want to do this, because this is for all of us, so that was my spiel and I will maybe stop sharing my screen, if I can figure out how tech is so much fun.
Deena Larsen: On but, whilst I figure this out.
Deena Larsen: feel free to.
Deena Larsen: chime in guys.
Deena Larsen: Most of you have been to a session and know what we're talking about.
annie: been share at the bottom somewhere.
Deena Larsen: and trying to get to the bottom, I, for some reason my screen has frozen and I can't i'm like trying to get to the bottom of my Green and I yeah if I you.
Deena Larsen: know that didn't do it.
Deena Larsen: To do it oh.
Caitlin Fisher: One thing i'll add that, when we were looking at the salons and that obviously for some.
Caitlin Fisher: kinds of meetings smaller is better I place in the chat that generally it's only been about a dozen people, except for the larger launches, but I also think that this is a really successful model also have.
Caitlin Fisher: Not just additional yellow salons because of a huge time difference, but there could be additional North American or European salons.
Caitlin Fisher: There could be you know smaller regional salons that could be under this umbrella.
Caitlin Fisher: That you know that we could that we could organize or you know even committed groups of people who write together could maybe join under the umbrella of the yellow salons I like the idea that.
Caitlin Fisher: kind of the title makes an intelligible for people and that it could be affiliated and capital five more so it's another way of thinking about it.
Deena Larsen: yeah.
Johannah Rodgers: that's a great point caitlin i'm and I see this as maybe I mean you know.
Johannah Rodgers: it's been such a wonderful way to get to spend time with to get to meet people perhaps I wouldn't even have met at the conferences um.
Johannah Rodgers: But I found that over the time that my interests, for instance, tend towards specific types of salons so I mean I could imagine having.
Johannah Rodgers: You know either a schedule, where we had you know, the second you know every third month was dedicated to writing collaborative writing every fourth month to.
Johannah Rodgers: some kind of platform, you know tech more technical introduction to i'm thinking specifically of Daniel has workshop earlier this week on observable.
Johannah Rodgers: which you know um but, again, you know how do we, how do we keep it coherent enough that we don't splinter off into too many geographic distinctions or specialties.
Deena Larsen: Or if we had like even quarterly salons that did that.
Deena Larsen: So that if we had like a salon dedicated to writing platforms or a salon dedicated to writing.
Deena Larsen: or book launches we could do something like that there's so much stuff going on in yellow and so many Members.
Johannah Rodgers: i'd be curious to hear a bit more about from people who are particularly interested in the book launches and what they got out of.
Deena Larsen: Honestly, for me it was really difficult because somehow I was expected to be the moderator and i'd never seen the book before.
Deena Larsen: And so I didn't know what to ask.
Stephanie Strickland: I didn't have anything to do with the.
Stephanie Strickland: Book launches but I didn't know that at the town meeting many people devoted the chat to announcing their new projects.
Stephanie Strickland: And it seems to me that I have a session, where the people are responsible for introducing their own book, I mean no one's kit.
Stephanie Strickland: As a moderator you're not supposed to have already known about all these things, these things are supposed to be new things, and if there's a place that people can introduce their work.
Stephanie Strickland: To you know to interested people, it seems to me that you could have maybe one one day, a quarter or some kind of thing like that, where new for new work to be introduced and people who wanted can sign up certainly there seemed to be eager as within the town hall for that.
Stephanie Strickland: To take advantage of that to present it to other people who would care.
Caitlin Fisher: I love that idea, but I also think that you can have the salons have too many things, maybe, so you know, maybe it could be like you know elo salon.
Caitlin Fisher: announced, or you know because I do think people are hungry to share their work, I think there's so many incredible people with.
Caitlin Fisher: You know incredible core pieces of work to share like Ellen sometimes talk was just amazing, and I think it's so important for our community that it.
Caitlin Fisher: Be, and I mean all the talks were amazing i'm just picking out his but that'd be archived and I think, personally, I really like to encounter.
Caitlin Fisher: I think there are a lot of really fine writers, who show up and so finding out about more more about how they write in their practice and having a chance to write is something that i've been very interested in so i'd be worried about it being totally diluted where that happened like.
once a year it's.
Andrew Klobucar: Can can I offer a possible model for that there's there's a an event in.
Andrew Klobucar: Every third Thursday, I think, a very small gallery space and in New York City has the word hack.
Andrew Klobucar: event which is really informal and it's great although it's been visited a virtual, of course, for the past two years.
Andrew Klobucar: But even at a virtual the.
Andrew Klobucar: moderator Todd Anderson.
Andrew Klobucar: sets aside 15 minutes at the very beginning and everyone, you know, wants to sign up has three minutes to show their new project or offer a question.
Andrew Klobucar: And he's really good with maintaining the time and the 15 minutes would go and then it would go into the word hack the scheduled event.
Andrew Klobucar: And that was always fun because it said everybody has some sometimes they would just two people and they would get three minutes still so it'd be a six minute intro.
Andrew Klobucar: But if there were five people, then it would be 15 minutes, and that would be a good sign up you'd have this little projector when when everybody when it was all flesh and and human and and then you you just you just talk for three minutes and you sat down again it was good.
Deena Larsen: yeah that'd be cool like if we if we set aside 15 minutes at the, especially the beginning for like.
Jules Chatelain: Announcements like that for.
Deena Larsen: new projects collaborative spaces that'd be great.
Deena Larsen: Oh chills.
Jules Chatelain: A trick a trick that i've used one trick but it's something i've done in other contexts, is for a book launch invite the person or project lunch invite the person to say who would you like to interview you.
Jules Chatelain: and other words, I agree that dina should not be responsible for reading everything ahead of time.
Jules Chatelain: And just say you know, please pick a person who would be a good interlocutor, or whatever and bring them with you, and in the best ones are friends who actually also bring up the hard questions with you, you know, and that makes it interesting for everybody.
Deena Larsen: And I think we can still keep it in the three minutes would be one question and answer any what oh you're on mute any.
annie: I know I wasn't talking yet, but.
annie: I have been thinking before and my interest is in.
annie: Regular quite small gatherings where.
annie: Somehow reread read to get a reading group group that's also writing so in the follow up of my rewriting session.
annie: But that's it's all very personal because it's also, for instance in a re air Eva.
annie: The big thing where all lots of things are published, sometimes I read something and not really sure if I understand everything of it.
annie: i'm not really sure if I have the right context for it to understand it and i've been in other reading groups, if you read a text with other people together.
annie: And if you know these people get to know them a little bit you can ask childish questions you can admit you don't know that philosopher.
annie: And someone will explain it in two lines and you make a big jump in how you know things and how you can process things so that's something that I would like to have it's not it wouldn't be as simple I think and i'm not sure other people would like to do that.
annie: Also, but it would be something that I would like to do.
annie: i'm not so interested in interested in book launches or presentations but more in something where while doing on with us.
Johannah Rodgers: I completely agree, I think that's a wonderful idea and one thing I should mention is.
Johannah Rodgers: You know, one of the things that i've gotten one of the most valuable things i've gotten out of the salons was, for instance from annie's any any salon where we were writing together.
Johannah Rodgers: I ended up getting in touch with the writer, whose work we were thinking about a little bit as part of that, and you know, so making connections, even outside of the yellow, which is so valuable.
Deena Larsen: yeah and that's one of the nice things about this is the Salon has invited people who are not connected with yellow and it's been a good outreach, but I think it could be so much more of an outreach as well, that would be cool.
Deena Larsen: And it sounds like we're looking at a lot of different groups and the thing is, I think, each group would love any as idea and we did want to keep the small is the point two, so if we had a lot of groups were five to 20 people came.
Deena Larsen: This that would be great the problem with the book launch was, quite frankly, there were too many people.
Deena Larsen: We opened it up, and it was dead silence we're not going to talk because there's 50 people here, but like anything if we had five people I wouldn't I would feel fine to open up to say hey I don't know this or hey, what do you think about this.
Deena Larsen: and engage much more in a original idea which was small group.
Deena Larsen: So maybe do many small groups and just five or six people come in that's great.
Stephanie Strickland: I agree it is great interest in doing that kind of work and having something that actually is there a meaningful discussion, but I think.
Stephanie Strickland: We also do need, as we get much larger as an organization, a way to have a big megaphone about all the work that's out there and that that's a different kind of a problem.
Stephanie Strickland: And it maybe needs a different kind of a solution, but people need to know there is a place that actually the only people there to listen.
Deena Larsen: You know it's annoying.
Stephanie Strickland: and say whether or not yellow does a.
Stephanie Strickland: yearly half yearly or whatever it is, you know I think people have tried to suggest discord, but I think something more.
Stephanie Strickland: Not everybody is underscored as someplace that almost everybody would be or would learn to be.
Stephanie Strickland: That this is where you learn about new books and do 11 new whatever it is, and in you know, but again, in a word, heck not not at length have more chance for more people to present their work in a in a you know potted way.
Deena Larsen: Yes, exactly when I do want to note, if you guys don't have chat open may want to open it up, this is what always happens in in the salons is we.
Deena Larsen: usually have to multifocal things going, we have the chat and we have the people and it's very engaging kind of exhausting but yeah.
Deena Larsen: I agree stephanie it would be really cool to have like an audience focused announcement place so you don't want to announce your books or the elo repository or stuff with five people.
Deena Larsen: Right and but at the same time.
Deena Larsen: And he's point to where you don't want to.
Deena Larsen: Try to explore something with 30 people.
Stephanie Strickland: Right.
I.
Stephanie Strickland: Think.
Stephanie Strickland: The most the most engaging thing that ever heard this occurred to me during the pandemic was an eel it at all, it was something called theater of war and it used to be done in person around the world by a man who really translates the Greek classics.
Stephanie Strickland: and takes scenes from them.
Stephanie Strickland: Around contemporary issues, whether it's homelessness or I mean immigration and stuff and political owners many things you know ensure how it'll be.
Stephanie Strickland: Given he gets film stars to do these theater parts Frances mcdormand and you know so forth, so you see their faces close up.
Stephanie Strickland: On zoom maybe for people they're reading from their home.
Stephanie Strickland: But then they have an international audience and they have a PIC audience of people to respond.
Stephanie Strickland: They may be people who never went to a play before they may be a homeless person, it might be an immigrant from Venezuela and then you have they have literally an international audience.
Stephanie Strickland: And the skill, is the man who is able to interview these people and bring their you would not imagine what the responses to oedipus the colonists are.
Stephanie Strickland: From people in different situations, and it seems to me that this is what we're lacking, and this is what we don't get when we have just when we just talk to each other.
Deena Larsen: That makes sense and that outreach and I apologize I didn't have hannah's hand up I didn't have the participants thing up so Hannah yeah.
Hannah Ackermans: Yes, I just want to say, partly to reiterate that.
Hannah Ackermans: I really love all of these different ideas with reading groups and work ethic, and everything, but also to protect us from ourselves.
Hannah Ackermans: Because we are very generative community, I would just like to say, not everything that would be a very good idea to do with the yellow needs to happen in this alliance.
Hannah Ackermans: And I think that all of these ideas are very good, and one of the things that we could do, for example.
Hannah Ackermans: is to make a good guideline of the things we've done to make these salons run well that can be a guideline for someone else who wants to also start a series of events so that it's easier for them to organize something, because they have something.
Hannah Ackermans: To start from and they don't have to reinvent the wheel, but without making us responsible for everything that needs to happen in the Community.
Caitlin Fisher: And I think one of the easiest things is actually having a fixed time.
Caitlin Fisher: And a fixed date and a fixed location which doesn't rely on having to have like dina's special brilliant almost anyone can do that, like we're all so busy, and so spread thin and we're all.
Caitlin Fisher: You know, late to the events, because we're searching out URLs and stuff I think I think it'd be fantastic to have a monthly book launch slot where sometimes it happens, and sometimes it doesn't and not necessarily run by us but run by elo, for example.
Deena Larsen: It doesn't have to be a.
Stephanie Strickland: Book right, it can be.
Stephanie Strickland: Launching the whole work yeah.
Caitlin Fisher: yeah oh yeah for sure.
Hannah Ackermans: or anything like.
Hannah Ackermans: Reading group that's a monthly series as well.
Deena Larsen: yeah.
Deena Larsen: yeah and then, if you had a default and I think that's something we need to need to do with with the salons i'm perfectly happy to do it for the next year, whatever.
Deena Larsen: If the moderator or have a have a backup moderator or have a default hey if nobody comes up with the book that we're going to talk about we're going to go to this, you know it's always there.
Deena Larsen: Whoever shows up oh yeah it's default day.
Deena Larsen: That might help a lot, because it has been a bit of a stretch.
Deena Larsen: With my full time job and illness, to come up with the slots.
Deena Larsen: And so I think part of the lessons learned here is always to have a backup plan.
Deena Larsen: And jewels is the most brilliant person I know for doing best practices and process, and I think you've already gotten some of this stuff.
Deena Larsen: i'm not volland told you Jules I know you.
Deena Larsen: Know volunteer holding is really bad, but maybe we can come up with some best practices and stuff well any yeah.
annie: And I have a question so because.
annie: For me it's important that it's easy and close to me, and I can I can go to a salon when I want I can go to the discord when I want if i'm happy enough to do it.
annie: But if I want to have my reading group I could start it, for instance in September but.
annie: If I don't have a place to tell people we are going to have, I am going to organize a reading group are we writing group, then I will be on my own, and I need at least three more people.
annie: To make.
annie: yeah so good, I.
annie: write an email to mark Marino and good I us to your zoom because we always should have to start with the zoo to explain what it would be about and then later on, go to the reading and writing.
annie: Is that a possibility, or should it be done differently.
Caitlin Fisher: I like that idea, a lot, I think, maybe hearing from that point and hannah's that that elo should maybe be presented, that they sponsor like maybe there's some kind of umbrella structure and the salons become part of that and there could be reading groups that are part of that and.
Caitlin Fisher: I mean in terms of the mechanics are happy to happy to continue to sponsor these small groups until it hits a scale where that's not sustainable, but I think you know easily we could have our reading group as part of that, and they think yellow.
Caitlin Fisher: And you know I say someone on the executive like committed to amplifying these events, if the membership would like to have reading groups and would like to have the organization.
Caitlin Fisher: help to communicate that and help to connect people I think that's absolutely something we're committed to doing I think that'd be a really good use of our time so So yes, any yes.
Caitlin Fisher: And I think you know if there's someone has the energy to.
Caitlin Fisher: To to organize a reading group, then, absolutely the organization, will have the energy to at least send out messages and to try to help to connect you with other people interested in that book.
Stephanie Strickland: and giving caitlyn do you think the Board should.
Stephanie Strickland: make a specific statement of at a point that we will you know sponsor a say for umbrella group small groups, as you know, as a to try this out one would be a meeting want to be a reading group, one would be discuss what you want, or whatever Dean is group has been.
Caitlin Fisher: I think i'd look at it more that the yellow salon has been a successful pilot for well over a year and to present that to the board for like an official.
Caitlin Fisher: Official sponsorship, I mean it was mentioned at the town hall, this is something we do, we can.
Caitlin Fisher: We can.
Caitlin Fisher: enter into, and I think with the yellow salon as a model.
Caitlin Fisher: That yeah we might not want to have 40,000 of them, but I but i'm what i'm hearing is there just might be three or four.
Caitlin Fisher: And I don't think we have to quantify how many, that is, but that every you know that that under the reason I was thinking of an umbrella group is that maybe.
Caitlin Fisher: Maybe, on the strength of the yellow salons.
Caitlin Fisher: This group here could sort of assist those smaller groups so that any, for example, with your reading group wouldn't have to go through a piloting thing or figuring out what it was, it could be sort of like you know, based on the yellow salon model it's a yellow salon.
Caitlin Fisher: study or ios alone and that would.
Stephanie Strickland: But instead of writing mark and all that she could just send a query to the board saying on you know salon model, I would like to sponsor a reading, writing group, and you know to be called this to meet at this time on the York soon, which you are offering.
Caitlin Fisher: And exactly.
Stephanie Strickland: Exactly all say that's really nice and that's good.
Caitlin Fisher: yeah and I think we have to vote on official sponsorship anyway, I was just trying to figure out ways of making it easier for Annie that maybe it could all come in at the same time, if we had specific ideas, so that the board could agree that this is something worth sponsoring and then.
Stephanie Strickland: What I.
annie: mean is really mean what does that mean.
Stephanie Strickland: It means we're going to sponsor a reading group that you would lead on the model of the Salon would you make whatever way you want it to be, but on model of the Salon and that it needs in a regular time on zoom.
annie: So I would be sure.
Caitlin Fisher: it'd be all your energy, but what elo offers a sponsorship is.
Caitlin Fisher: kind of exactly what you were noting at the beginning that mark would send stuff out.
Caitlin Fisher: That we would try to commit to putting stuff up on the website that we would try to amplify the initiative and your energy to make sure that people knew about it until you had to have critical mass, and that it would mean we saw it as a service to other Members.
Andrew Klobucar: I was part of.
Caitlin Fisher: Our thanks to you for for.
Andrew Klobucar: Have a network like that in Vancouver and it it had gone on for 30 years, actually, and it was a kidney school of writing, and that it worked very much like that you, you presented your ideas to the can still view.
Andrew Klobucar: The case w would amplify it that at readings, they would say oh and don't forget there's this workshop that we're doing and but if there was no pressure for kids to be.
Andrew Klobucar: writers and readers to go to every workshop, it was just a great way and we always knew we were at a kidney school.
Andrew Klobucar: sponsored event that that gave it a kind of group and there again, you could use.
Andrew Klobucar: The the gallery space that we had for your for your reading groups on the weekends over the summer and really great writers would would often come.
Andrew Klobucar: You know, we wouldn't pay them much, but we would use Canada Council funding, you know, maybe $500 for the for the for the person who was directing it and, like writers like Lisa Robertson.
Andrew Klobucar: would have a six week reading series and the summer, we would pay her through Canada Council $500 but you registered for it, you signed up for it and you had it there was no pressure, but it was it was a great very vibrant Community fantastic.
Andrew Klobucar: way to do things, I think that would be, and we did have a best practices, so we knew what we were doing is good.
Johannah Rodgers: just wanted to bounce an idea off of you guys regarding.
Johannah Rodgers: The presentation of new work if it might be a good idea to coordinate with Todd at word hack I mean.
Johannah Rodgers: Since, so I mean I don't know I don't know if that sounds what, what do you guys think of that.
Johannah Rodgers: I don't know.
Stephanie Strickland: I think mark that mark or yo could certainly send out a message to the membership that one of the places to preview your work, if you would like to his word hack and to do this, you should get in touch with Todd and.
Stephanie Strickland: Certainly no problem with it.
Johannah Rodgers: i'll be at that.
Deena Larsen: yeah that makes sense i'm caitlin I think this would be a pretty low investment would be the yellow announcements would be trying to get some space on the yellow website.
Deena Larsen: And it would be using the zoom which, thank you for having that permanent URL helps a lot um but i'm also wondering, can we go, the next step to archiving.
Deena Larsen: People.
Caitlin Fisher: Everything is being automatically archived right so.
Caitlin Fisher: Those are.
Deena Larsen: All the time in New York.
Caitlin Fisher: is constantly there and it's being archived almost immediately on the LM SIP database so archiving has not been an issue.
Deena Larsen: Oh good in that case tell me the URLs where it's archived because people are always asking me and I go.
Caitlin Fisher: Hannah Hannah.
Caitlin Fisher: Hannah put the URL in the chat at the very beginning.
Caitlin Fisher: And, at one point I sent you an email, with all of the.
Good.
Deena Larsen: and
Stephanie Strickland: Bad does anybody think that having a free form reading, writing be not archived is more or less inhibited.
Deena Larsen: Oh yeah exactly so we would have the option of.
Deena Larsen: Recording and not recording.
Deena Larsen: And that would work as well.
Deena Larsen: it's just that everybody seems to ask me where the archives are and I just like.
Caitlin Fisher: The majority of been archived I also think.
Caitlin Fisher: To the way i've set up the zoom is it kind of records automatically I could easily mix whoever's co host and they can turn it on and off I think we've had some things that have seemed a bit more vulnerable where we haven't.
Caitlin Fisher: When we had the inclusion solution salon we decided, very specifically, not to archive that.
Caitlin Fisher: Because, so people could feel like they could talk freely and not have that, as part of public record, while we work through issues.
Caitlin Fisher: Any breakout room, I think I think breakout rooms are possible, even when the host isn't there, and none of the breakout rooms are ever recorded.
Caitlin Fisher: So you could have a dual salon where you're part of the welcome, and you know saying you know, this is what the Salon is about is part of the public record and then the breakout rooms are just workshop spaces, where people can be vulnerable and share graphs.
Stephanie Strickland: Especially what Andy was saying a small group of people working on things are part of this, you can ask what she called child.
Stephanie Strickland: time we all have you know all that is like you know you're not it's Nice, not to be surveilled in every moment in my.
Deena Larsen: Totally well.
Caitlin Fisher: it's easy enough to set up a whole different URL that would never be recorded and it could just be a hangout space that's not a that's not a technical issue at all that would just be a different space yeah.
Waliya Yohanna: Hello kitty please.
Waliya Yohanna: Hello katelyn would have done it.
Deena Larsen: Well, it just a moment jewels and then, and then you.
Deena Larsen: Oh you're popping so any.
annie: Okay, I just had a remark if shy can make the rewriting groups work, they will will no be video recording no video recording just the text at the end and that can be published as a PDF summary of.
Deena Larsen: What were you talking about like the transcript that goes well, how do you like transcript or just text, the text of the lighting okay.
annie: And the rewriting at the end, that will be there and that's it.
annie: Plus, maybe one screen capture.
Deena Larsen: That makes a lot of sense yeah um.
Stephanie Strickland: But also the things where you're reading something and asking a lot of questions or people ask you know.
Stephanie Strickland: I just think.
Stephanie Strickland: We have to the participants whether.
Deena Larsen: yeah I agree stephanie i'd love to be in a reading group, where I can ask the stupid questions, and I think, to have that freedom to ask stupid questions because so many people have the reputation to keep up.
Stephanie Strickland: With some don't but.
Stephanie Strickland: These questions are much better than on childish questions in general.
Deena Larsen: yeah, but if we can ask those childish questions without being surveilled.
Deena Larsen: As.
Stephanie Strickland: Money was exactly well i'd like to be not always.
Caitlin Fisher: So i'll just say just for the record the easiest thing to because it's very, very difficult to set things up to if you know automatically that you are hosting.
Caitlin Fisher: A writing space, you have no interested in recording it the record of the writing space will just be that there was a series of events, you know that will be titles of them are date.
Caitlin Fisher: Then it can easily be set up with no recording possible, if you think you might want recording the better thing to do is to set to record automatically and to have a Co host disable it because, otherwise, if if it's set up and it's not set up to record and there's no kind of.
Caitlin Fisher: host in the room.
Caitlin Fisher: You won't be able to start a recording at the last minute, but this is not a deal breaker I think it's actually really great to sort of imagine that I would imagine, most of the book launches we want to have a recording.
Caitlin Fisher: For people talking about their like I think Alice on time, you know just going back to that, I mean I think he was planning on having that recorded and that that was part of almost a performer to thing of what he was doing.
Caitlin Fisher: And for people who don't want that, of course, we don't want to have spaces that are all surveyed spaces and we can never talk anymore without imagining that our camera persona I think I think we don't have to, I think we can absolutely strike a balance.
Deena Larsen: I think we can strike a balance, and I think it's so great to have the York platform and as part of this, and I think.
Deena Larsen: This will benefit you benefit elo as well, because we can have that outreach so if we have these groups, then we can say to everyone here we're doing this, for example on the salons where it's appropriate.
Deena Larsen: i've been announcing them on Facebook on the higher education group and we've had folks come in, who are not in yellow and we've managed to snare a few.
Deena Larsen: But it would be good, I think what I think we could do, though, is maybe present these as umbrella organizations like you're saying caitlyn and then say okay.
Deena Larsen: We would have a reading group, and it would be this this you know if we had four of them, it would be one per week.
Deena Larsen: And we would have the reading group, then we could have the discussion group, then we could have whatever and people could go to those I know we have like the first Friday on discord.
Deena Larsen: It might be good to just have that as a zoom as the URL as well i'm on the on the hangout space, the non recorded one, so you always knew what URL to go to you always knew what day of the week to go to and what time.
Deena Larsen: stagger them.
Deena Larsen: It wouldn't be so Eurocentric and we wouldn't have to ask for people like some young white malia to join us at two o'clock in the morning.
Deena Larsen: That might help.
Waliya Yohanna: Hello.
Deena Larsen: yeah.
Deena Larsen: i'm well, maybe we could just go ahead and say here's the reading group and then get volunteers to do to do those readings.
Deena Larsen: Because it is a commitment, and maybe people would just want to do a quarterly one.
Deena Larsen: And we could have a Google Doc where people could sign up or.
Deena Larsen: have some more streamlined administration.
Deena Larsen: That might help.
Caitlin Fisher: I think these are all great ideas, and I think it's Actually, I think we should you know.
Caitlin Fisher: The salon works, the way the Salon works, and I think being able to say that it has been a successful pilot.
Caitlin Fisher: I think i'd be happy to take any texts that this group or to generate or even part of the transcript is from here.
Caitlin Fisher: To the board and stephanie stephanie and I could both just presented, as you know, would like official sponsorship and it sounds like we are you know official sponsorship for like a salon.
Caitlin Fisher: and associated reading series and associated book launch series and or the yellow takes over like there could be a vibrant discussion where the yellow says the book launch series should be done on X server and you know.
Caitlin Fisher: which I think it sounds like from this soup it's fine I don't feel the Salon has to have ownership over all activities if somebody else wants to organize and then we can figure out what the core mandate is of the salons but really piggyback on the incredible success that.
Caitlin Fisher: Of of your initiative here dina to help other people and to also streamline it for elo so maybe we just have one series of things that can all be approved at the same.
Caitlin Fisher: Time.
Caitlin Fisher: And then we'll also receive.
Caitlin Fisher: You know, access to elo channels and to mark's amazing stuff as well and.
Caitlin Fisher: If I miss hearing them that's fine.
Caitlin Fisher: But i'm happy to bring that forward along with stephanie here.
Stephanie Strickland: I agree can't I just think that the one case of.
Stephanie Strickland: Any who are wanting to do the writing group or reading together group is already so specific that to say she would she.
Stephanie Strickland: would like to do that, on the model of the Salon like we said, do you know and then at that time, we can say other things that were also proposed.
Stephanie Strickland: which perhaps we should discuss further should book launches go by this model or something different, because there wasn't an agreement that this model worked best for small groups, whereas book launches a kind of a megaphone thing which might work large groups, and so I don't think.
Deena Larsen: You should come into them.
Caitlin Fisher: yeah something like, no, no, I was just trying to avoid extra Labor and like.
Caitlin Fisher: A.
Caitlin Fisher: bunch of potential models in at the same.
Caitlin Fisher: Time but.
Stephanie Strickland: yeah.
Caitlin Fisher: I totally agree yeah.
Deena Larsen: yeah I think if we did do a proposal and it would just have the for the rewriting um where you're reading and writing about a book with on Annie.
Deena Larsen: The salons are really kind of merging into a mishmash and I don't like that very much, I mean we're committed for this year, but for next year, maybe tailor it a bit.
Deena Larsen: And then have.
Deena Larsen: Again, like the first Friday where it's just hey come out and.
Deena Larsen: hang out and then a new launch with those be the for.
Caitlin Fisher: You also.
Caitlin Fisher: Back to Andrews statement, I also think yellow salon open MIC as a separate kind of event where somebody.
Caitlin Fisher: yeah either I think independent with you felt it would eat too much into this if it turns out that it's just a couple of people every time with a three minute thing at the beginning, then that's I think sustainable in the context of the existing salon and in live in it.
Caitlin Fisher: were a lot of people who had a lot of stuff to share and that that became you know if that's a need in the Community, to have a place, we could maybe consider piloting, where we could have an open MIC thing i've often talked to people who.
Caitlin Fisher: Who don't feel like at the point where they're submitting their work or wanting to feel like they are.
Caitlin Fisher: You know they might not feel like they want to be showcased or they're not at that point in their career, but could would totally love to maybe read some of their work.
Caitlin Fisher: You know, if you think about the elo conferences and who kind of gets those performance spots very well established people we don't have a lot of vehicles for people starting out to.
Caitlin Fisher: Read or perform or share and so i've seen that, as a hunger and I wouldn't want that necessarily to become the salons or to take the place of what's happening in the salons, but I could see that as another track potential.
Andrew Klobucar: And I think in electronic literature, especially which you wouldn't find in non digital writing so much as people saying listen.
Andrew Klobucar: i've reached a point where i'm not a limited my programming skills and I really need somebody to help me with with the javascript for this effect.
Andrew Klobucar: And that's what I liked about Anderson too often they were they were it was it was comfortable enough where people will say listen, I really want to get this.
Andrew Klobucar: To move i'm in the style of this work, I just don't know how to do it can is there anybody out there and because it'd be like 30 people the audience would be like four people would say yeah let's let's I can do that let's do that, and that was really, really good.
Caitlin Fisher: So maybe, what we need to do is find somebody who would spearhead all of these because I can imagine that dina has the energy sector at all of them into moderate so easily at all of them, but I mean, I think.
Caitlin Fisher: I think that's something where yeah I love the idea of like open MIC and workshop day could maybe be once a month there's an open day for that and we could see if that goes and and and each group and the existing salons.
Caitlin Fisher: And I guess the question would just be could be could we.
Caitlin Fisher: could find somebody who would agree to.
Caitlin Fisher: sort of moderate any given event for, say, a one year pilot period like once a month, so it's 12 days.
Caitlin Fisher: Then those could be a go.
Deena Larsen: If we did it.
Johannah Rodgers: Logistically I mean i'm it could be, is the elo have any administrative support that and it could provide to dina.
Caitlin Fisher: Or it has administrative support, but I don't know whether it could what it could provide it's very limited out of the University of Washington, but if there was a very specific ask about what would be helpful than we could bring that to the board I don't know.
Caitlin Fisher: Like we're really operating where we've got somebody very able holly holly slocum was amazing, but I think she's only been paid for 10 hours a week.
Deena Larsen: and honestly I think the.
Stephanie Strickland: Work of the organization.
Deena Larsen: yeah the administration hasn't been that bad it's pretty much been a Google Doc and I think if we just keep it as open and as simple as possible will be good, but what i'm thinking is if we had a volunteer for the monthly open MIC workshop.
Deena Larsen: And even if we just did it for six months, so it will be a six month commitment.
Deena Larsen: And I.
Caitlin Fisher: volunteered and always.
Andrew Klobucar: do that if it's.
Andrew Klobucar: going to I could I could set aside time now for it, what I could just say to my department listen i'm doing this don't do anything on this day and that would be fine.
Deena Larsen: Okay, and do you want to start it like January 2022 any same deal, or do you want to start it now.
Deena Larsen: You want to do any do you want to do, like, for the rest of 2021 like informal and we can keep announcing it kind of like you do your dance movements and then we could like start in January of 2022.
annie: But that but I need six people to start with.
Deena Larsen: And I don't want it to six people.
Deena Larsen: We can get you six people that's the same as what choose an idea for the right pod.
Deena Larsen: You could probably get six people to sign up no.
Stephanie Strickland: No, she has.
Stephanie Strickland: in mind some people that she knows will be will work well with what she has in mind, I mean.
annie: I can, I think I have.
annie: To to better explain the concept and together with.
annie: Maybe to recording of what we did in the saddle.
annie: yeah i'm glad that maybe that could work together i'm not sure, but I will try to find out in the next few months, and then I can write it down short me I hope so, and maybe that could be just announced to all the people, and then I will get to people, I will won't get the both of them.
annie: i'm sure.
annie: who are interested, I can say this first a few test sessions, and then we will make it.
annie: Real after that.
Deena Larsen: yeah and any I just I did not know I.
Deena Larsen: So sorry guys, I did not know about this incredible resource on film set because i'm an idiot.
Deena Larsen: Thank you for.
Jules Chatelain: All of this, this is amazing dina helpful do not call yourself an idiot do not call me okay let's just be in the moment okay let's let go of these judgments positive or negative.
Okay process.
Caitlin Fisher: I love it.
Caitlin Fisher: I love coming now because of the time zone.
Jules Chatelain: I love annie's idea of a trial one just just do one for a short period of and and any did explain it in the chat you talked about everyone reads the same text, and then they have a shared writing space, but a longer explanation to that would would.
Jules Chatelain: be good, so people know they want to do it yeah.
annie: I think I even have written something about that.
Deena Larsen: I think so it's.
Not so difficult to to make something.
Deena Larsen: short announcement and you limit it to six.
Deena Larsen: People, which is what we did with the right parts.
Deena Larsen: Please can I know this is something.
You.
Deena Larsen: guys.
Deena Larsen: are either.
Deena Larsen: This has been an issue with connection as well we'll leave it might be easier for you to type and let us know when you're on.
Deena Larsen: Again yeah we are speaking from a point of privilege, where we have a good Internet connection.
annie: Or maybe not use image and only sound.
Deena Larsen: yeah whoo.
Deena Larsen: lily can you talk in the chat if you're here.
Deena Larsen: Looking to turn everything off, so we can hear you.
Caitlin Fisher: I think he might be frozen, we might have to might have to restart.
Deena Larsen: yeah he may have to restart but at any rate, I think this would be great, so I think the plan going forward with this rest of this year is.
Deena Larsen: For me to experiment Andrew if you want to experiment this year and then present it to your board for next year, and then we start January 2022 and I write up on Saturday, a.
Deena Larsen: Potential proposal for the board and we get it to everyone, would you guys mind putting your emails in either the chat directly to me directly, if you're uncomfortable with having everybody's email or just make sure that I have it, and then I can save the chat and.
Deena Larsen: Get with you guys I don't know how much time we've got are we over time.
Caitlin Fisher: i'm not sure I just wanted to say, there were a couple people who joined a little bit later welcome JEREMY from the west coast where it's all earlier.
Caitlin Fisher: days have been really early starting very early or anybody in La.
Caitlin Fisher: But, but just to say that if you're coming late and you're thinking that there are these things happening, the ila salon will still keep its regular time.
Caitlin Fisher: it's regular so we're hoping that you will all join the salons we were just.
Caitlin Fisher: Expanding on the possibility of that model and thinking about what the Community would want and coming up with some cool ideas for open mics and readings and reading, writing spaces, but the Salon itself is still on the second Tuesday, at the same time, so.
Deena Larsen: I am just sort of, and I will talk with mark before I fallen told him, but the first Fridays and discourse are always a little difficult for people to get onto i'm wondering if we could just move that first Friday hangout hey Hello.
Deena Larsen: As one of these as well, that would fill out our four weeks.
Deena Larsen: And yeah Andrew you got to understand I do this for a living, I facilitate for the Federal Government, I facilitate water related discussions in the West.
Deena Larsen: And when we were in person, it literally was check your guns at the door.
Deena Larsen: Oh, forgive me for taking over.
Stephanie Strickland: Those going dina that water and.
Deena Larsen: Oh, my God.
Deena Larsen: You guys don't even want to know it's.
Deena Larsen: it's pretty bad now that we have by i'm not going to get into it, but now that we have a good so.
Deena Larsen: it's a little bit better.
Deena Larsen: But yeah it's it's not pretty.
Deena Larsen: We didn't get the Rio Grande no.
Stephanie Strickland: i'm just saying there's a limit to what discussion can do.
Deena Larsen: No, no, we.
Deena Larsen: got we got the pueblos we got the cities of Santa fe and albuquerque and we got everybody on the Rio Grande we got a farmers and we got the watershed groups all together on a plan of study, we can do this for climate change, I was we did that, this week, I was so excited sorry.
Deena Larsen: I go no i'm not going to we're going to focus on this we're going to focus on these four ideas somebody was going to say the next session is starting so i'm going to save the chat this has been amazing as usual.
Deena Larsen: And thank you guys for all of your presentations and I will save the transcript and the.
Deena Larsen: chat and we will be in touch.
Stephanie Strickland: I like to be with Joanna that check your guns at the door is the perfect title for the discussion.
Deena Larsen: Okay.
Deena Larsen: If you guys have never been involved in a gun check it's really fun.
Deena Larsen: yeah.
Stephanie Strickland: Unfortunately, we have way too many of them in this country.
Deena Larsen: Yes, we do.
Deena Larsen: But thank you guys so much, and I think we'll figure out the times I know we haven't really put those down down yet caitlin.
Caitlin Fisher: yeah, no, no, I was just more wondering, because we do have Christine here from the UK, so I think part of.
Caitlin Fisher: The idea to salons in this difficult time is you know actually I guess the 11 in the morning actually works pretty well for for Europe it's it's the other time zones, but just it as we imagine new things thinking about ways that.
Caitlin Fisher: All things being equal, we could try to stagger times, if these are perfect times for almost everybody will join them that's another consideration, but and.
Deena Larsen: Maybe what we can do I think let's see so I like she was interested in doing one and Sonia and we we could just have an Eastern Asia one.
Caitlin Fisher: Well she's Waterloo so she's in eastern time I know i'm.
Deena Larsen: Somebody else who's trying for it, then I i'm sorry it's been a rough day.
Caitlin Fisher: yeah yeah no I.
Deena Larsen: don't check.
Caitlin Fisher: Their other time zones to Australia is always like even all of these.
Stephanie Strickland: songs.
Stephanie Strickland: Do you know, while he is back to see if he can speak oh.
Deena Larsen: Well, he are you there.
Stephanie Strickland: Maybe that look like you said.
Deena Larsen: Okay, well, I think the next session is starting and I think I actually have something in the next session so I should get.
Deena Larsen: Like okay.
Caitlin Fisher: well.
Deena Larsen: Okay, thanks we'll see you.